fix: Typescript config invalid with node v22.7.0 with ESM (#30099)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed an issue where files outside the Cypress project directory were not calculating the bundle output path correctly for the `file:preprocessor`. Addresses [#8599](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/8599).

> - Fixed an issue where Cypress would not run if Nodejs version `22.7.0` was being used with Typescript and ES Modules. Fixes [#30084](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30084).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Cypress would not run if Node.js version `22.7.0` was being used with TypeScript and ES Modules. Fixes [#30084](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30084).
```
